Add Emotion FAQ to docs (#8741)
elastic/eui: packages/website/docs/developer-guides/emotion/index.mdx

Reviewer: **suggestion:**

Let's move this to a subpage "Styling apps with Emotion".

According to our wiki:

> It's possible to make a collapsible item be a document as well, though this is not recommended. Set the `link` field to have `type: doc` and `id: <DOCUMENT_ID>`, with the `id` from the document it should point to. If the `id` is not explicitly set in the document file's [front matter](#front-matter), it's the relative path starting from the `docs` folder, without the file extension, e.g. `docs/components/containers/accordion`.

I think in this case we can easily put this as a "introductory" page and there's no need for the folder to be a document as well.

Author: Based on the Slack discussion let's make this a part of the _Getting started_ section. Good catch on the document structure!

and predictably. No more class name guesswork, selector specificity issues
or loading unnecessarily large stylesheets on each page load.

Emotion can compose and optimize styles, generate source maps and labels
for easy debugging, and includes powerful testing utilities enabling assertions
on real stylesheets and CSS properties.

<Demo isSourceOpen>
  ```tsx
  import { css } from '@emotion/react';

  // Declaring styles in a template literal is just like writing plain CSS
  const rainbowStyles = css`
    padding: .25rem;
    border-radius: .5rem;
    background: linear-gradient(90deg in hsl longer hue, red, red);
    /* Edit me and try this out! */
    /* filter: invert() */
  `;

  export default <div css={rainbowStyles} />;
  ```
</Demo>

We highly encourage reading [Emotion docs](https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction)
to better understand its underlying concepts.

## Writing styles

We recommend writing styles using the template literal notation
(e.g., <EuiCode language="tsx">css\`color: red\`</EuiCode>), also called
_string styles_. It makes writing styles very similar to the native CSS styling
experience and allows seamless usage of pseudo classes like `:hover`

> or `::before`.

Reviewer: It is but since we're here and I noticed this nitty, it doesn't hurt to update it 😄

> experience and allows seamless usage of pseudo classes like `:hover`
> or `::before`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experience and allows seamless usage of pseudo-classes like `:hover` 
and pseudo-elements like `::before`.
```

We've also found [this guide](https://simonhartcher.com/migrating-from-styled-components-to-emotion) to be a useful reference for migration.

### Theming and Emotion's `css` prop

Emotion's `css` prop allows consumers to [receive the EUI theme](https://emotion.sh/docs/theming#css-prop) from a callback within the prop:

```tsx
<SomeComponent
  css={({ euiTheme }) => ({
    color: euiTheme.colors.primaryText,
    padding: euiTheme.size.l,
  })}
/>
```

This allows you to skip calling `useEuiTheme()` and is a nice syntactical sugar shortcut. That being said, there **are** caveats to its usage:

#### Typing

By default, Emotion's args for this API are untyped. You must [define a theme](https://emotion.sh/docs/typescript#define-a-theme) in your own `emotion.d.ts` file for the above callback usage to be properly typed. You can simply extend EUI's theme like so:

```ts
import '@emotion/react';
import type { UseEuiTheme } from '@elastic/eui';

// @see https://emotion.sh/docs/typescript#define-a-theme
declare module '@emotion/react' {
  export interface Theme extends UseEuiTheme {}
}
```

> You will then need to import this file into your `tsconfig.json`. See the [osquery plugin](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/plugins/osquery/tsconfig.json#L17-L18) for an example of their tsconfig setup.

Reviewer: **suggestion:**

We can also mention eyo's comment:

> @cee-chen I merged in a PR https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/200958 that makes it such that folks don't need to specifically add in a emotion.d.ts, it's handled globally now, for most folks if there's an existing include for the typings directory there would be no action to be done, it would just work as is. Other wise folks can add an include with the correct path to the one in the typings directory if they'd rather not include the entire directory.

Something like:

```suggestion
You will need to add this file to your `tsconfig.json`.

For Kibana developers, you likely don't need to do anything. `emotion.d.ts` is defined globally. If for some reason Emotion is still untyped, make sure your `tsconfig.json` extends [`kibana/typings/emotion.d.ts`](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/typings/emotion.d.ts) or the whole folder.
```

Author: Thanks for pointing this out! This PR is meant to just bring the content over. I'll go through it all and reorganize + improve it in next iterations.

The end goal to make this content a really good guide to emotion, the way it works and how to write performant styles at scale. I want this effort to be split into many parts so we can review them separately and see what's best.
